New Zealand is known around the world
for its beautiful natural environment we
have a reputation for being clean and
green and our agriculture and tourism
sectors thrive because of it however
this reputation in our long-term
prosperity is at risk through
large-scale deforestation and the
expansion of intensive industrialized
dairy farming dairy farming is one of
the most greenhouse gas and tents and
forms of land use and this
intensification will greatly accelerated
missions taken on the 4th of April this
footage shows the reckless conversion of
forestry land to intensive dairy
currently happening in the Tahoe dockery
forest northeast of top 0 and the
central North Island this is a familiar
sight throughout New Zealand in a set to
continue well into the future as the
government-owned land Corp has 450 5,000
hectares of forest earmarked for
conversion that's more than seven times
the size of Lake Taupo and would lead to
a massive increase in our greenhouse gas
emissions and deal a substantial blow to
our clean and green image as part of the
Rainbow Warrior target climate change
tour of New Zealand Greenpeace took
action against this double whammy on the
environment 30 volunteers from around
the North Island replanted almost 2,000
native trees on land leased and recently
converted my land Corp to intensive
dairy the problem with syria's that
agriculture is forty-nine percent of New
Zealand's greenhouse gas emissions at
the moment dairy is the fastest growing
sector and agriculture
the problem with what Len Corp is doing
is that they're busy deforesting
converting to dairy which is one of the
biggest problems for greenhouse gas
emissions in New Zealand today what then
called is doing here by converting from
forest to dairy is intensifying and
expanding the problem farming is an
important part of New Zealand's economy
the way in which learn called the
state-owned enterprise is going about it
as an intensification in
industrialization of farming which is
contributing majorly to our climate
change problem what we need is
environmentally sound and sustainable
farming practices in New Zealand today
the first thing to do is to hold the
intensification and expansion of dairy
farming because that's causing major
problems in particular contributing to
climate change the second thing we have
to do is ensure their agriculture is
bought into the emissions trading scheme
within the next two years at the moment
agriculture has been let off for the
next five years and then will be heavily
subsidized by you the taxpayer up until
20 25 our economy is reliant on a
healthy natural environment and this
expansion threatens not only the climate
through massively increasing emissions
but also through the contamination of
our land
waste it also puts our clean green brand
at risk which could have serious
ramifications for our international
exports Greenpeace will continue to
target climate change and pressure the
government to commit to an overall
emissions reduction target of 30 percent
by 2020 and halt the expansion of dairy
farming but we can't do it alone
everyone needs to contribute to the
emission reduction effort help play your
part go to dub dub dub green peas or
beans it to see how you can reduce our
emissions by a third